Add Pass TLS Cert Issuer and Domain Component (#4298)
containous/traefik: docs/configuration/commons.md

  backend = "{{$backend}}"
{{end}}
```

## Pass TLS Client Cert

```toml
# Pass the escaped client cert infos selected below in a `X-Forwarded-Ssl-Client-Cert-Infos` header.
[frontends.frontend1.passTLSClientCert]
        pem = true
        [frontends.frontend1.passTLSClientCert.infos]
            notBefore = true
            notAfter = true
            [frontends.frontend1.passTLSClientCert.infos.subject]
                country = true
                domainComponent = true
                province = true
                locality = true
                organization = true
                commonName = true
                serialNumber = true
            [frontends.frontend1.passTLSClientCert.infos.issuer]
                country = true
                domainComponent = true
                province = true
                locality = true
                organization = true
                commonName = true
                serialNumber = true
```

Pass TLS Client Cert `pem` defines if the escaped pem is added to a `X-Forwarded-Ssl-Client-Cert` header.  

> Pass TLS Client Cert `infos` configuration defines how the certificate data are added to a `X-Forwarded-Ssl-Client-Cert-Infos` header.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass TLS Client Cert `infos` defines how the certificate data are added to a `X-Forwarded-Ssl-Client-Cert-Infos` header.  
```

The following example shows an unescaped result that uses all the available fields:

> If there is more than one certificates, their are separated by a `;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are more than one certificate, they are separated by a `;`
```
